Okay, so we have just the task of locating the information inside of the
BBS_137_REV_8_99 format and even then, there should be a larger focus on just
getting blow counts. So that is going to be the limit of this code.

Blow counts (blows) are always in the first column inside of the BUM section and
for the BBS_137_REV_8_99 format they are majority consisted of 3 numbers but
only the last two are necessary. If:
    (1) number present: record it
    (2) numbers present: add them and record the result
    (3) numbers present: add the last two and record the result
    
That's as simple as it gets

Traditionally a BUM section has lines that have an area of 1 foot between them,
but this doesn't always have to be the case.
    (1) If the drilling stops, the depth of the BUM will stop early, usually
        this means less numbers will show up but that doesn't always have to be
        the case. Look at "Adams County/001-0504 SOIL-ROCK 2001.pdf" where at
        the last BUM on page 2, there is a /2" marking after the initial 100.
        This may mean that the BUM should technically only extend down to 2"
        (i.e. from 10.5' to 10.17'), but I don't see anything to support that in
        the spreadsheets he's given me. Food for thought if someone works on
        this in the future
    (2) If the blow count reaches a maximum. I think Jason said that usually
        this is 100, but I may be lying. If you see again on "Adams
        County/001-0504 SOIL-ROCK 2001.pdf" in the second to last BUM or you
        could look at "Menard County/065-3109 SOIL 2001.pdf" in the first BUM.
        The latter also has that extra inch marker, but I'm ignoring it for now
    (3) If the BUM is split between one column and another. Look at "Menard
        County/I-53 3 culvert replacements on Quarry Rd.pdf" page 7

Some annoyances that will make this hard:
    (1) When a blowcount reaches its max and an additional number is inserted to
        say "this is the actual depth", an extra little nubbin is added (see
        Menard County/065-3109 SOIL 2001.pdf page 3). Luckily given that we're
        ignoring it at this point, it doesn't contain any data
    (2) Sometimes text from the UCS column can run over into the columns on the
        side of it (see Menard County/065-0501 SOIL 2000.pdf page 3)
    (3) When a BUM section starts at the beginning of a column, there is no room
        on top to put the first of the three numbers, so instead the format just
        puts the numbers there like it normally would and adds a number inside a
        nubbins at the bottom. Here we DO need to care about what is there (see
        Menard County/065-0501 SOIL 2000.pdf page 3 again). I theorize that it's
        also possible for there to be FOUR numbers that show up if the blowcount
        reaches its max there somehow
    (4) Having boring completions near the end of the page messes things up (see
        "Menard County/065-3006 SOIL 2001.pdf")
    (5) Sometimes the nubbins is in the middle column instead of the edge (see
        "Menard County/065-3109 SOIL 2001.pdf")

Given all of that, here is the plan:
    1) Search through the BUM columns for horizontal lines being at least 1/6
       their total width
    2) Take out lines that are less than 1/3 of the BUM total width and put them
       in a separate, "smaller" list (steps 1 and 2 need to CHANGE given
       annoyances point 5)
    3) Go down the larger list and locate pairs. Pairs are denoted by having <=
       1 foot of space between them. If the first and last lines are not in a
       pair, then test them to be pairs with the beginning and end of the column
    4) Loop over each pair

       IF the width between a pair is 1 foot AND it is NOT a top pair, analyze
       it for numbers. If a non-numeric is found or != 2 are recognized, (FOR
       NOW) throw an error. Add the two numbers and record the result

       ELIF the width span is 1 foot AND it is a top pair, look at the smallest
       list and grab the top nubbins. If it is not attached to this group, throw
       an error. If it is, do text analysis from the top of the pair to the
       nubbins. If a non-numeric or != 3 are recognized, (FOR NOW) throw and
       error. Add the lower 2 numbers and record the result

       ELIF the width span is < 1 foot, pass it onto a special case

       ELSE, raise an unhandled exception
    4) Special case:

       IF it is a bottom pair, mark it as incomplete and record just the one
       number

       ELIF it is a top pair, mark it as incomplete and record just the one
       number

       ELSE, it should be the last one. Mark it as complete and as the last BUM.
       After completion do a check and if there is more than one marked as last
       BUM, raise an Exception

New plan: To remedy annoyances point 5, I'll just treat individually columns
separately

NOTE: The reason I'm having to treat columns separately instead of doing line
analysis all together is because overflow text can sometimes cause lines that
exceed the minimum length threshold and mess things up

Given all of that, here is the plan:
    1) Search through the individual columns for horizontal lines being at least
       2/3 of their length
       
    2) Take out lines that aren't a majority of the length

    3) Survey all the gathered lists and create a new list where at least 2 of
       the individual column lists agree. Then create pairs. Pairs are denoted
       by having <= 1 foot of space between them. If the first and last lines
       are not in a pair, then test them to be pairs with the beginning and end
       of the column
    
    4) Loop over each pair

       IF the width between a pair is 1 foot AND it is NOT a top pair, analyze
       it for numbers. If a non-numeric is found or != 2 are recognized, (FOR
       NOW) throw an error. Add the two numbers and record the result

       ELIF the width span is 1 foot AND it is a top pair, look at the smallest
       list and grab the top nubbins. If it is not attached to this group, throw
       an error. If it is, do text analysis from the top of the pair to the
       nubbins. If a non-numeric or != 3 are recognized, (FOR NOW) throw and
       error. Add the lower 2 numbers and record the result

       ELIF the width span is < 1 foot, pass it onto a special case

       ELSE, raise an unhandled exception
    4) Special case:

       IF it is a bottom pair, mark it as incomplete and record just the one
       number

       ELIF it is a top pair, mark it as incomplete and record just the one
       number

       ELSE, it should be the last one. Mark it as complete and as the last BUM.
       After completion do a check and if there is more than one marked as last
       BUM, raise an Exception


UUGGGGGHHH but this assumes feet! FIX IT FUCKING FIX IT

For whatever reason, when units are reported as meters. The BUM span is still 1
major tick mark (0.3 meters on the one I looked at which is ~1 foot)